---
title: Season 3
imageurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788814-l4kTpFObZrvG77e9Qm95TI0C8Ep.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=400
thumbnailurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788814-l4kTpFObZrvG77e9Qm95TI0C8Ep.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&h=300
bgurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788814-l4kTpFObZrvG77e9Qm95TI0C8Ep.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=5
weight: 3
excerpt: >-
  The third season of the American television comedy The Office premiered in the
  United States on NBC on September 21, 2006, and concluded on May 17,…
---

The third season of the American television comedy The Office premiered in the United States on NBC on September 21, 2006, and concluded on May 17, 2007. The season had a total of 25 half-hours of material, divided into 17 half-hour episodes, four 40-minute "super-sized" episodes, and two one-hour episodes. The Office is an American adaptation of the British TV series of the same name as a mockumentary portraying the daily lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictitious Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.

The season marked the move of main character Jim Halpert from Scranton to Stamford, and also introduced Rashida Jones as Karen Filippelli, and Ed Helms as Andy Bernard—both members of Dunder Mifflin Stamford—as recurring characters. Helms would later be promoted to series regular. The main plot for the early episodes of the season deals with a recurring problem in seasons one and two—the problem of company downsizing—while in the last half of the season, inter-office relationships also became a major plot point.

The third season of The Office aired on Thursdays at 8:30 p.m.. The season saw its ratings increase from the previous. In addition, it continued the critical praise that had started during the show's second season. The season was released on DVD in a box set containing four discs. While the DVD features all 25 episodes, the episodes "Traveling Salesmen" and "The Return" were condensed into one episode. The set contained commentaries from creators, writers, actors, and directors on some of the episodes, while also containing deleted scenes from all of the episodes. It was released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment.