---
title: Season 6
imageurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788820-9jJAGc0CmDH4EFJkgT2nOpPUIEx.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=400
thumbnailurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788820-9jJAGc0CmDH4EFJkgT2nOpPUIEx.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&h=300
bgurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788820-9jJAGc0CmDH4EFJkgT2nOpPUIEx.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=5
weight: 6
excerpt: >-
  The sixth season of the American television comedy The Office premiered in the
  United States on NBC on September 17, 2009, and concluded on May 20,…
---

The sixth season of the American television comedy The Office premiered in the United States on NBC on September 17, 2009, and concluded on May 20, 2010. The season consisted of 22 half-hour episodes, and 2 hour-long episodes to comprise the 26 total episodes of material created. The Office is an American adaptation of the British TV series of the same name, and is presented in a mockumentary format, portraying the daily lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictitious Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.

The season has been cited by several critics as the beginning of the series' decline in quality, despite still receiving generally favorable reviews. The season ranked fifty-second in the season ratings with an average of 7.80 million viewers per episode, marking a steep drop in the ratings from the previous season which had an average of nine million viewers.

The sixth season of The Office aired on Thursdays at 9:00 p.m. in the United States. The season was released on DVD by Universal Studios Home Entertainment in a four-disc box set in the Region 1 area on September 7, 2010. The DVD set contains all 26 episodes, as well as commentaries from creators, writers, actors, and directors on some of the episodes. It also contains deleted scenes from all of the episodes, as well as bloopers.