---
title: Season 9
imageurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788827-8L6lgr8PueiI73e1I78lazuLt5i.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=400
thumbnailurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788827-8L6lgr8PueiI73e1I78lazuLt5i.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&h=300
bgurl: >-
  https://dato-images.imgix.net/151/1471788827-8L6lgr8PueiI73e1I78lazuLt5i.jpg?auto=compress%2Cformat&ch=DPR%2CWidth&w=5
weight: 9
excerpt: >-
  The ninth and final season of the American television comedy The Office
  premiered on September 20, 2012 on the National Broadcasting Company, and…
---

The ninth and final season of the American television comedy The Office premiered on September 20, 2012 on the National Broadcasting Company, and concluded on May 16, 2013, consisting of 25 episodes. The Office is an American adaptation of the British comedy series of the same name, and is presented in a mockumentary format, portraying the daily lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictitious Dunder Mifflin Paper Company. The ninth season of The Office aired on Thursdays at 9:00 p.m. in the United States, as part of the Comedy Night Done Right television block. This is the second season not to star Steve Carell as lead character Michael Scott, although he returned for a cameo appearance in the series finale.

The ninth season largely focuses on the relationship between Jim and Pam Halpert. After Jim decides to follow his dream and start a sports marketing company in Philadelphia, Pam begins to worry about moving, and the couple's relationship experiences stress. Meanwhile, Andy Bernard abandons the office for a three-month boating trip, and eventually quits his job to pursue his dream of becoming a star, although he soon becomes famous for a viral video. Dwight Schrute is finally promoted to regional manager. The documentary airs, and a year later, the members of the office gather for Dwight and Angela's marriage as well as a final round of interviews.